doc/territorial-emissions-unfccc.md, before:

###  Fossil fuels and cement production emissions by country (territorial, using the region names from the sheet "consumption emissions")

All values in million tonnes of carbon per year. For values in million tonnes of CO2 per year, multiply the values below by 3.664

1MtC = 1 million tonne of carbon = 3.664 million tonnes of CO2

#### Cite as:

UNFCCC (May 2015) and Boden, TA, Marland, G and Andres, RJ 2015. Global, Regional, and National Fossil-Fuel CO2 Emissions, Carbon Dioxide Information Analysis Center, Oak Ridge National Laboratory, U.S. Department of Energy, Oak Ridge, Tenn., USA [doi 10.3334/CDIAC/00001_V2015](https://doi.org/10.3334/CDIAC/00001_V2015)

Source of UNFCCC data:

<http://unfccc.int/national_reports/annex_i_ghg_inventories/national_inventories_submissions/items/8108.php>; accessed May 2015

#### Methods:

By default, the 1959-2011 estimates for fossil fuels are from the Carbon Dioxide Information Analysis Center (CDIAC) at Oak Ridge National Laboratory.

<http://cdiac.ornl.gov/trends/emis/meth_reg.html>

Where available (42 countries) the national estimates reported by countries to the UNFCCC during 1990-2012 are overwritten (data in green in original Excel file).

The 2012, 2013 and 2014 estimates (or 2013 and 2014 where UNFCCC data are available) are preliminary and based on energy statistics published by BP (data in red in original Excel file)

<http://www.bp.com/en/global/corporate/about-bp/energy-economics/statistical-review-of-world-energy.html>

1. National estimates include emissions from fossil fuel combustion and oxidation and cement production and excludes emissions from bunker fuels. World totals include emissions from bunker fuels.
2. Bunker fuels: Emissions from fuels used for international aviation and maritime transport
3. The disaggregations of regions (e.g. the former Soviet Union prior to 1992) are based on the shares of emissions in the first year after the countries are disaggregated (e.g., 1992 for the Former Soviet).
4. The statistical difference presented on column HX is the difference between the world emissions and the sum of the emissions for each countries and for the bunker fuels.

Commit message:

Fix reference to Excel file

doc/territorial-emissions-unfccc.md, after:

###  Fossil fuels and cement production emissions by country (territorial, using the region names from the sheet "consumption emissions")

All values in million tonnes of carbon per year. For values in million tonnes of CO2 per year, multiply the values below by 3.664

1MtC = 1 million tonne of carbon = 3.664 million tonnes of CO2

#### Cite as:

UNFCCC (May 2015) and Boden, TA, Marland, G and Andres, RJ 2015. Global, Regional, and National Fossil-Fuel CO2 Emissions, Carbon Dioxide Information Analysis Center, Oak Ridge National Laboratory, U.S. Department of Energy, Oak Ridge, Tenn., USA [doi 10.3334/CDIAC/00001_V2015](https://doi.org/10.3334/CDIAC/00001_V2015)

Source of UNFCCC data:

<http://unfccc.int/national_reports/annex_i_ghg_inventories/national_inventories_submissions/items/8108.php>; accessed May 2015

#### Methods:

By default, the 1959-2011 estimates for fossil fuels are from the Carbon Dioxide Information Analysis Center (CDIAC) at Oak Ridge National Laboratory.

<http://cdiac.ornl.gov/trends/emis/meth_reg.html>

Where available (42 countries) the national estimates reported by countries to the UNFCCC during 1990-2012 are overwritten (data in green in original Excel file).

The 2012, 2013 and 2014 estimates (or 2013 and 2014 where UNFCCC data are available) are preliminary and based on energy statistics published by BP (data in red in original Excel file)

<http://www.bp.com/en/global/corporate/about-bp/energy-economics/statistical-review-of-world-energy.html>

1. National estimates include emissions from fossil fuel combustion and oxidation and cement production and excludes emissions from bunker fuels. World totals include emissions from bunker fuels.
2. Bunker fuels: Emissions from fuels used for international aviation and maritime transport
3. The disaggregations of regions (e.g. the former Soviet Union prior to 1992) are based on the shares of emissions in the first year after the countries are disaggregated (e.g., 1992 for the Former Soviet).
4. The statistical difference presented as *Statistical Difference* (column HX in original Excel file) is the difference between the world emissions and the sum of the emissions for each countries and for the bunker fuels.
